FantasySoccer - Team 2 - Assignment 3 (#5)
TorsteinTh/software-design-vu: docs/assignment2.md

Assiciations

A match is formed of exactly 2 **Team** objects.

### *Views* package

Each class in this package is an extention of the **GamePane** abstract class, described below. Each uses the *javafx* library and represents a different window in the GUI. All interactions with the *models* package are made via the **Game** class methods.

#### **GamePane**

Abstract methods

- *void connectComponents()*: Connects all components into the root of a *javafx.scene.Scene*
- *void styleComponents()*: Styles all components as required
- *void setCallbacks()*: Sets callbacks for all interactive components

### *Controllers* package

Only consists of class **SceneManager** used for managing the *javafx* Scenes.

Operations

- *void setStage(final Stage stage)*: Sets the primary stage
- *void showScene(final Scene scene)*: Replaces the currently active Scene with another one
- *void showPane(final Class<? extends GamePane> pane)*: Replaces the current  **GamePane** with another
- *SceneManager getInstance()*: returns the instance of the class

## Object diagrams								
Author(s): `Torstein Thomassen`

This object diagram shows an example of objects with different states in our program.

> All the different attributes and variables has to be fulled in with example data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All the different attributes and variables have to be filled in with example data.

```
Made a language suggestion.
